12:00 PM
1/10/2018
Ridah Shoorbajee
Journal#5
       WOW, Its been very amazing yet weird experience, yesterday I got lost in the middle of Logan. I wanted to go the Walmart, but the bus dropped me off like to miles away, I walked for two mile in the freezing cold. Today for example, we started to study trade offs and incentives to governments. I can't stop talking about how freezing it is. It just keeps snowing all the time, its amazing how the sky turns white all of sudden then gets dark and finally it turns blue. I think I made some friends like Keegen and Carter there both in the aviation program. On a side note I hope I am a studying well because I don't know if im studying to much or two little, I guess ill figure out when the midterms come passing by. Im so exited to meet me family again in 56 days, I miss them so much. Its very unorthodox here in Logan, I feel like im living a dream. Am I really in Utah ? its all very delusional, I wish I could speak with God "Allah". I Know he is watching me but, I would really like to thank him for what he gave me. I want ALLAH to know that im trying my best in my prayer and Quran. I just wish I could speak with Allah, sometimes I wish that there were good descent Muslim near me right now so that I can relate too. It turns out that my dad was right when said: " go with the Muslims friends even though you don't like them, at least they pray and read Quran, you will never know with the blessing will go." I think that Allah made a choice for me after I kept asking for the aviation career, Allah granted me my wish but, at the same time Allah took the blessing from me the " the Good Muslims friends". It's an awakening for me. Its like Allah wanted me to be more aware of the blessing he gave us humans. I am very happy but, what really saddens me, is that I cant go to Jummah prayer this semester due to my class schedule. When I used to go to jummah, its was like a recharger for me, a place where I can repent and stay hopeful that Allah is there for me at all time. 
       It all Makes sense now, I have to learn from my past and maintain my present to have a great future and have a rewarding ending in the hereafter. I always feel Optimistic and excited for learning new topic and talking with my professors. I really want to make an impact here at Utah state. I want to get A's and be helpful for the community and inspire everyone around me, I know my everlasting dream was to lead my nation in to victory but, lets be realistic. I don't have any nation to lead and besides no one would want to listen to me on how to live life. So, that why I decided to start small and make small jumps for now. I want focus on my studies and have fun in moderation, Besides that's what Islam teaches us, to do everything In moderation, that includes Faith, Family and Freedom. I am very excited for my future ! I am here and back! So let the enfinte universe know that I Rida Shoorbajee is here and alive. I want to Thank Allah for letting be alive in this day and age, I Also want Allah to forgive my old Sins which I know have left a Major scare on my heart. My past has been hard but we don't live and die to meet God to explain tohim our past to him. God is the best Judge out there in the Universe ! I know inshallah Allah will forgive me but he wants to test me to make me stronger both mentally and physically so, when the day comes to meet him. I will be prepared. I don't know, I just had to let out some air, I haven't been able to talk to anyone in a long time. Sorry if I bore you to death on my personal beliefs and didn't talk much on what happening around me in logan. I just felt that it was more important for me to let out some deep thoughts so I can feel mentally relaxed. 
       Over all, Its been an amazing experience, learning about my self and about others both in class and in life. Lets see, Art is a very cool subjest we haveto capture the contex the image or idea and write about it, its more complicated than that, but that's what I only understood in the past two days. So you could say that Art is my least favorite subject but im more than happy to learn about it and how to think in a artistic way. My favorite subject is defiantly Aviation. I really cant describe the happiness in my soul about the flight class. The most interesting class is the Environmental science, the Professor is very intellectual. The funniest class is hard to decide ill go between anthropology and Econ. The professors have a taste of humor. Oh well, my hand is hurnting from all the writing, I have to go and drink some water, I wanted to reach the 1000 words but, idont thank I can at this point. I miss my family and bed room that's for sure. Its still Cold here but, ill get used  to it. Until next time! 
       REDZOPS signing out.
       
