4:32 PM
2/12/2019
Ridah Shoorbajee,
Journal#11
Its been crazy lately, I've changed my room and found a great roommate. Adin a Bosnian Muslim is a hilarious guy. He has a great positive vibe. He has been able to help me move along in college by taking me  to the gym every other day. I've lost a couple of pounds over the past month which a great effort for me to over come. I want to keep moving forwards my goal focusing on getting my self to 170lbs. School work is huge but very manageable. Thankfully things have been still going in a constant flow, Flying classes and NIYFA club are amazing. I still have not failed any class yet and I do not plan to fail any classes in the future. Today for the first time I did 1000meters in 4 minuts and 30 seconds on the rowing machine. Im very tired and extremely soar. Im typing this in an anthropology lecture. Its still cold here, freezing to be honest. I cant wait till the end of this semester to start flying in the summer. Sometimes I feel like im in a dream, each day moves faster and faster, everything goes by like a blink of an eye. Classes are going well so far. Im just very tired and existed from the gym today. I don't know what to talk about. I haven't  talked about my imagination in a while so let me destress for a moment.
	Out third division is living in a cold caves of Imperium mountains and the SSAF is struggling to find a good hover jet to manufacture and ready to go for recon. My personal third battalion is now taking a break off. I ordered my Battalion to take a break and enjoy they rights to enjoy peace and they were given a chace to see there family and friends back in Upsadinia. My third battalion has went through hell and came back torched. The majority of my battalion are very new recruits and the rest  10 percent are veterans from battle of ops and long before. Our engineers from the first and second cohorts are trying build heat houses and operational airstrips for the logistics personnel.



       REDZOPS signing out.
       
