7:27 PM
1/24/2019
Ridah Shoorbajee,
Journal#9
       Its been very hard lately, I can't relate to any of my classmates or roommates. Maybe I lost the way of creating friendship. I define friendship as loyalty, Honor, and fun. I don't know why its hard for me to make friends, maybe because my real friends stopped becoming my friends due to the Syrian war or some of them died in that war. My friends in Syria, were like a wolfpack, we all didn't really like each other but we had to stay together and form a pack to defend each other from the larger threats at school like the armed mobs. So unintentionally a friendship was formed after 8 years. They need my skills in convincing diplomacy and persuasion against other mobs and I needed their powers to defend me at all cost necessary. Together we formed a bond that was never broken until the war erupted in Syria. The war dismantled our group. There were two side of the war, People who supported the Assad regime and Russian communism and other side who supported the Free Syrian Army and American Democracy. Off course me being a patriotic born American I was outcasted from the Wolfpack, the School and ended up kicked out of the country. In the mist of kidnapping, random town genocides and chemicals bombs and my family on the black list of Assad, my father was able to find us a pass way in harms way. The Airport was closed so as were the Syrian borders and it just turned out that the American embassy had closed it gates, leaving us in the mist of misery. My father found us a way through the Syrian Lebanese mountain. As for my so-called old friends well, they were celebrating the massacres that Assad did, they were happy with the killings that the Syrian army committed. I have never felt the taste of betrayal in my life I lost my trust in the Syrian people and whom supposedly are my origins, which obviously am I not proud of at all. When I lost that trust over 8 years ago, I couldn't trust anyone after that at all. Fast-forwards 2019 I am in Utah State university one of the best schools there are in the country if not the world ! For the first time in my life I've experienced people that are nice too me. The people in Logan are very nice, super nice to the point where it too good to be true. So I am in not just in a culture shock but also in a mental shock. I've never had friends since 2011 and now the right time has come to make long lasting friends. Im just too scared to make the same mistake again and trust the wrong people again. 
       Today was hard for me, I don't know why. I have a midterm to study for coming up in less than 24 hours and I have not studied for it at all. My roommates are hard to relate too my colleagues are good but their not friends they, are not people I can trust my life with their not people I can depend on. 

       REDZOPS signing out.
       
