11:00 PM
12/24/2018
Ridah Shoorbajee
Journal#1
       I am Tired, I am very anxious, yet my Confidence levels are very high. The time has finally come to separate from the original hive. After 7 years of training and practice my time has finally come to this moment. I am finally and officially ready to leave my hive the "nest" and will give my final good byes to my king, queen, Prince and princess royal family. After the terrible defeat at "Battle of Betrayal" eight years ago and 7 years of re-establishing the "United Union", My time to thrive has finally came. I understand that it will not be easy because I will be alone at first and I will be exploring the unknown all by myself. I know I will be told what to do in terms of HomeWorks and test but, I will succeed and reach the top. I do ask God to help me and guide me and not to falter when the times are hard. It was my choice to move out because I was lost all hope in life and decided to turn myself off acknowledging that I set my self to Autopilot mode.
       The time has come to turn my conscious back online and take command of my ship, my life, and goals. The next 4 years of my life will be pay off all those years of mental suffering and misery in the past seven years. All the times of crying nights, prayers to God and self-patience will finally pay off, my time to shine is here because, from now on I will be a "doer" and not "wisher". I am done waiting and I am ready making things happen. My ship is ready for Departure even though it does not have a name yet. There is no more waiting from now, there is only moving forward and learning from my past. 
       I pray to God to Grant me the Glory in my education, to grant me the friends to have each other backs just like the old days, to grant me the courage to do what is right and the to grant me the perseverance to finish what I started and finally a career that will help not just my family but the world. Let the universe know I Ridah "Redz" am back and no longer. I am here so, hear my heartbeat tremble across the infinite space. Yes, I will miss the "nest" my hive but, the time has come to create a hive of own and to expand my boundaries. As the flags wave down for my departure and the exit light the way to my ship, I am ready to push down on the throttle stick and let Gods speed lead the way. One for all and one for all, long live Upsadinia and long live its hearth! for I am alive and ready to embark on this new journey of mine.
       
       REDZOPS signing out.
       
