7:27 PM
1/27/2019
Ridah Shoorbajee,
Journal#10
People here are insane, If there not drunk their on Drugs. Honestly, I think there all gona be loser in life. I think they will never be successful at all. Yes, they will have a family in the future, but it will be a total trash family. Drunken Idiots and a bunch of losers. Their nice people but when there high or drunk their total trash bags. There a bunch of quitter, Its sad to see them put them self so low in life. Its so sad to see half of the college student addicted to alcohol.
I am so done with my room mates. But, there no open rooms in the building.
I have no idea what write about today. I did go to the gym do 40 mins which I liked I want to do more of that tomorrow. The people here in college are so desperate.
Life is so short, there's too much evil in this world. I personally that the antichrist is among us and the first people to fall for him are the Mormons then the Christians then the Muslim and finally the orthodox Jews. Living pure is an amazing gift from god but, there are no pure people in this world because, the evil is too strong. The Prophet Muhammad PBUH once said: "Anas ibn Malik reported: The Messenger of Allah, peace and blessings be upon him, said, "The people will see a time of patience in which someone adhering to his religion will be as if he were grasping a hot coal." In the past week I have felt that pain in holding on to my religion "Islam" being the only Muslim in my building if not the campus that is very hard to do. I have a Mormon college who did his mission in France, he also made another human become a Mormon but Ive learned over time that he lives a double life. HE smokes, drinks, snorts and gets high off of any drug you could imagen. He lies to his mother, lies to himself. 
I came here to seek refuge among the rugged mountains but, it turns out I came here to fight more, to fight the doings of the devil and the insanity he gave the people. There was once a time where communities were strong and helpful but all I see it utter confusion and disaster. Are we near the end of times as Prophet Muhamad once warned us about ? I don't know but, I am very certain that we should prepare ourselves to meet our Ultimate creator. 
People are too lost in the materialistic objects in this world. God Allah is real, We should love him as he loves us. We should Return back to God Allah. If anything I could recommend the lost people in this day and age is to have morals and integrity. I understand the people do not want to listen about God but the least they could do is just have some moral code to follow. Humanity is in utter defeat...I hope God Allah the Great ! Makes it an easy transition for me here in Utah because, its hard being alone. It hard holding the sword of morals, integrity and peace all alone in a college town where everyone is lost. It turns out my father was right. "Your religion your religion, Do not let loose of your religion" I took his words easily, not thinking that it will be hell on earth. I need to get closer to Allah by praying more and reading Quran.

       REDZOPS signing out.
       
