12:00 PM
1/6/2018
Ridah Shoorbajee
Journal#4
       I have made here, at Utah, Its very crazy yesterday was giving my parents a good bye and today I am all alone. Its Freezing here, its keeps snowing nonstop. My room mates are pot heads, I could get them expelled or hinder the education if I wanted too or I could change my room with more cleaner roommates. My head is in utter confusion of what is happening. I am very confused and the whole town is confusing. I am laughing now because of my situation. I am very optimistic even though my new life is very confusion but, this is what is asked for. I wanted to grow and fly out of my parents' nest. Honestly, I wish they were two hours away in a car ride and not 8 hours away in a plane ride but it's too late now. I must stay positive. I need to find clubs that I like and if there is not, I need to create a club, so I can find new friends. I want to find a Muslim community or good and clean Muslim friends, so I can at least get comfortable. I this exact moment I am defiantly way out side my comfort zone. I want to keep praying my prayers and improve my Quran reading. I cant stop talking about how Freaking COLD it is here! 
       Im looking forwards to my new classes, Im a fulltime student. I hope that classes are easy going and not super difficult. Its still cold in my room by the way. Writing this small journal really boosted my self esteem. Im just very confused and shocked at the change that has happened to me. All my past 21 years I have been under my parents wings. Even though my parents were supper strict on every thing and I opposed how my father dealt with certain things in life but, I still wish they were here. My parents have the knowledge of the sea and I could always use some of that. At the end I am growing and moving forward besides, that is what life is all about. I feel much better about myself now after writing this. Guess what, Its still FREEZING here : ). I should go and talk to my crazy roommates. 
       Its 3:32 PM, I realized that At 3:00 PM exactly if the sky is clear the sun will shine straight in to my room, that really boosted my mood. I just got a great view of the landscape of Utah mountains. Although the sun won't be up for a for a long time because it's the winter season, therefore its not freezing as much as the morning. As always, my roommates are like bats, the sun is out and bright and they close the shades and stay on the TV all day.
       REDZOPS signing out.
       
