11:11 PM
12/25/2018
Ridah Shoorbajee
Journal#2
       Today I checked my supplies for my journey, made sure I have everything I needed for my departure. The Ship remains nameless, but its shinny chrome color is illuminating the dark hanger. I hanged out with my cousins today from my mom's side surprisingly it was fun, and I liked it. I might take my cousins tomorrow to see planes land and take off from a very near distance close to the runway. Other than that, today was a smooth day. Mom is still moody because of her "period" and dad is still his usual self-trying to contain himself, he surprises me how calm and patient he is with mom. Grandma is very sad and want to go back to Syria, she doesn't want to be here anymore. Grandma misses her house, belongings and life back in Syria even though there is a ragging never-ending bloody war. I can totally understand her, I was once emotionally attached to my past but, I had the time to understand that I must learn from my past to heal my future and brighten my present sadly, my grandma does not have much time left in her life. 
       The ship is bulky looking nothing to fancy with no round edges, just capable of doing what its commander commands it to do. Me being the commander of my new ship and its crew, I expect objectives to run smoothly. Oddly enough the weirdly rectangle shaped ship can hold a beating. Fitted with the best shields and the heaviest armor it could take a major beating and still operate like any other superior fighter ship there is.  Armed with double heat laser turret at the bow of the ship and a single rapid firing canon at the top stern of the ship and finally twin Atom-Ion Rocket boosters at the stern for the ships speed. The ships interior is very tight, barely the size of a regular high school classroom. Small space for two bathrooms and a one shower stall, the rest was used for storage and regular maintaince for the vehicle. The crew and I must find unorthodox ways of sleeping on the small ship. As for food well, we have no kitchen so it's all about prepacked and ready to eat meals. There is not much to this ship, its not like a VIP cruise ship. We pretty much scrapped it from an old model and refitted with better engines.  
       
       REDZOPS signing out.
       
